Hi there
Before we start please tell me how old you are and if you are a boy or a girl?
Girl 13 years old
Thanks  then I can better adapt to what you tell. What would you like to talk about?
I have the small problem that i cut myself
Ok. Have you cut yourself today?
yes
Do you need help here and now, or should we talk a little about your situation?
Let us talk
ok. Do you live at home with your parent, and have you got sisters and brothers?
I dont live at home with my parents, and I have a sister and a brother
Can you tell me a little about where you live?
I live in a children's home, and I have done that for about two months
Where do your sister and brother live?
my sister lives at home, and my brother moved away from home
Do you go to school?
Right now I dont go to school
Can you tell me why you have moved to a children's home
and do not go to school at the moment?
I have ocd
Are there others in your family who have ocd?
yes, my father and my sister
okay. Do your parents live together?
yes
What would you like us to talk about on the chat right now?
I would like to get some advice how I stop this thing about me cutting myself,
I think that it is great that you would like to do something to stop cutting yourself. I would like to try and help you stop. Let us see what we can do together?
yes
What have you tried to do so far to make it stop?
I have told it to the staff here at the home
It was great that you did that what happened next?
They have tried to find the thing that it use for it, but they did not find them
when was that?
last week
have you talked about it since then?
no
Are there other things you have tried?
i have talked to my friends who also cut themselves. some of them have gone to therapy, but it does not help.
is there anything you have considered doing which might help?
no not really
ok. Then let us look at it together. If I asked you to find a solution, what would be the first thing you think about?
Spik to the staff again  maybe
Yes. I think this sound as a good idea. Is there one of them you trust?
yes I think so. Thanks bye bye
We can stop now if you like, but we can also talk a bit
about how you can talk to the staff member?
I would like that I dont really know what to say
how could you get to talk to the staff member you trust alone?
I could ask her if I could just talk to her
Yes that sounds good. When can you ask her about that?
in a moment
yes good. What could you say to her then?
that I am still cutting myself
yes I think it would be good to say that. Could you also tell her that you would like help to stop it?
Yes. But I have tried that already
yes and it did not really help so she should find another and better way to help you. Could you say that to her?
what?
For example something like I still cut myself and would like some help to stop it. But I dont think it is enough that you just take the things I use for cutting myself. I dont know what could help me, but I need help – how does that sound?
that I think is ok.
how do you think she will react if you say it in this way?
I think she will try to help me
Yes, that would be nice.
So now we have talked about what you have already doneWould it be ok for you to finish our conversation
here?
yes thanks
You are welcome. It was nice talking to you. It is great
that you do something about it, and you are always welcome to write to us again - also if you need to find other solutions
thanks bye bye
bye bye
OK, I guess. I just can't seem to stop thinking about Susan killing herself.
Hello Chris. I want you to know how sorry I am for your loss. How are you doing?
I just can't help thinking that if it wasn't for me, Susan will still be
alive right now. I just can't live with the guilt.
I understand it must be real painful to lose someone you care about.
Can you tell me some more about your feelings?
Yes .
So not only are you dealing with the sudden death of Susan, but you
are also feeling real guilty?
I just can't live with this guilt. Everyone is looking at me. They know that I had broken up with Susan. No one, except you, will talk to me.
I'm sure everyone hates me and wishes I were dead. I might as well do them a favor.
I think I understand, but can you tell me some more about what it is that has lead you to think about suicide?
You got that right . I'll show them.
So then you are really feeling alone right now. You are thinking that you are being blamed for Susan's death.
If I kill my self they will not have me to kick around any more!
Chris, you mentioned that you think suicide is a way to cope with the
feelings and problem generated by Susan's death. Do you have a plan? How would you go about killing yourself?
Yes, I could do it with my car
Have you thought about when you would do it?
Yes, I was planning to get drunk and drive off the bridge tonight.
So the pain feels so intense you are thinking of crashing your car off the bridge tonight.
Yes,
Have you ever tried to talk to anyone about this pain before?
I was thinking about going to my old therapist, but I don't even know
if she is still around. It has been over a year since I last saw her.
What were you seeing the therapist for?
Depression.
Chris, have you ever tried anything like this before?
No
Is their any one you can talk to about this. Anyone who you think could help you solve these problems.
No.
Chris, I know it hurts a lot right now and it seems like there is no way out, but I that I can help you, if you let me.
What can you do ? I'm ready to leave now.
Chris, we need to get some help right now. How would you like to proceed?
I'm done with all of this?
OK, Chris I understand. You see no hope. But I do. 
hello.  
Hello, how may I help you?		
I just called because I'm hopeless and alone. The only thing that helps is rinking. I just don't want to be alive anymore.	
Have you thought about taking your life?	
I've thought about it but I wouldn't do it. Somehow, today, it does seem more like a good idea.	
So today is different. Are you seriously considering taking your own life? Have you made a plan	
Well, I have been sitting here thinking about it. I thought about my guns but I don't think I would use one. Still.		
Question 5: Have you felt this way before? Have you ever tried to take your life?		
No, I haven't tried to kill myself. It seems too hard. I feel alone.		
So, you feel alone but you don't think you're going to try to kill yourself.	I guess so.	
So how are you feeling now? Do you still feel like you want to be dead?	
I guess not.	
I'm glad to hear that you're not feeling like taking your life now. PAUSE, allow  time to respond or not as they	wish. If you are not convinced that the  is ok, return to the assessment and probe more.I want you to promise to call back if you start feeling like taking your life. Will you do that?
OK. But I think I am going to be ok. I guess I should not drink so much alone.
Making plans with friends and family members	
Thank you for your help.
I'm glad that you called. Please call again if you need to.
It's been a long haul over the past 2 years. Sometimes too long a haul, if you know what I mean. I'm way too old for all this crap.
And it's got to be hard to do it alone.
You bet! With Sally gone it's all so very different.
I'm sure the pain of her loss is beyond words. With that amount of pain on board, Mr Thompson, have you had any thoughts of killing yourself? 
I suppose my son may have already said something to you. . . . I took some pills . . . I know it was dumb, but nothing came of it anyway.
When was that?
Couple of nights ago. But like I said, nothing came of it. I'm not sure I need any help. I'm not going to do anything stupid, you don't have to worry about that. 
You know what, Mr Thompson . . . that may be true, but I just want to get a better feeling for what you've been going through so we can make a wise decision together. Where were you when you took the pills? 
In the kitchen. I was sitting in a little kitchen nook where Sally and I used to eat lunch. I always loved that little place.
 Yea, I bet it brings back warm memories of Sally.
Yea, it does.
What kind of pills did you take? 
Some aspirin, some penicillin.
How much did you take of each one? 
About a handful of each. 
When you say a handful, how many of each do you mean? 
About 10 of each.
Any other pills?
I also took about 5 digoxin I'm on, more than I'm supposed to, I know that. 
Did you have any pills left? 
Not a lot, I don't keep many pills in the house and my prescriptions have basically run out.
Did you look for any other pills?
Not really pillsI did go through the drawer wondering if there was any rat poison around, but I realized that was stupid too. Trust me, suicide is not the answer, God did not put us on this earth to kill ourselves.
I'm glad you feel that way. And maybe we can help some too. At least I hope so.
Maybe.
You know, right after you took the pills, what was the next thing you did.
Went to bed, just to sort of to see what would happen? I was just so tired of it all.
How did you feel about the fact that you woke up okay?
I don't know. Sort of didn't care. It's just the way it is.
Had you been drinking at all, even a little bit?
Nope. I'm trying to lay off the stuff. It just gets me more depressed. Don't get me wrong, I'm still drinking, but not over the past couple of days.
I know from your son that you called him the next day. Had you tried any other ways of killing yourself before you called him?
Nope. I just thought I needed a rest of some sort, and I wanted to talk it all over with Nick.
Good. How about over the past couple of months, have you had any other thoughts of overdosing?
Nope. I just thought I needed a rest of some sort, and I wanted to talk it all over with Nick.
Good. How about over the past couple of months, have you had any other thoughts of overdosing? 
A few times but I never got no pills out or something.
What other ways have you thought about killing yourself? 
Oh not much. . . . I suppose I thought about hangin' myself, but that is not a good way to die. You know, it doesn't always work, at least that's what I been told.
Have you ever gotten a rope out or something else to use to hang yourself?
No sir, I haven't.
What other ways have you thought about killing yourself? 
Well, I have gone out to the barn to see if we still had some of that pesticide I used a couple of years ago.
And? 
Oh we did. And . . . and I was thinking about taking some and then burning the barn down with me inside it.
Hmmm.
Yeah  sort of Hollywoodish  but it's no good, way too apt to not work out right.
How often did you go out to the barn thinking about that? 
Maybe 4 or 5 times, I don't really remember exactly.
What other ways have you thought of killing yourself? 
That's about it. Nothing else really.
What about carbon monoxide, you know, with a car or tractor? 
My old barn is so drafty, you couldn't do that if you tried 
Have you thought of jumping off a building or bridge? 
Nope.
You know, Mr Thompson, most farmers I know like to hunt or at least have a gun around to protect their animals, and sometimes when they are in a lot of pain like you've been having they think of shooting themselves, I'm wondering if that has crossed your mind? 
I suppose.
Did you ever picture a place where you might shoot yourself? 
There is a place down by Willow Creek that was the favorite place that Sally and I used to go.It's just lovely, even in the winter it's lovely.  And I've often thought that if I had to go, that's where I would do it.
Did you ever go there with a gun, thinking you might kill yourself? 
yes,  yes, I've done that.
Did you load the gun? 
yes.
What did you do next?
Put it in my mouth. I read somewhere that's how you should do it.  Someone told me once they knew a guy who did that but didn't point it upwards so the darn thing shot right out the back of his neck hard to believe 
Sounds like you were pretty close though.
yes. yes. I guess I was.
Was the safety off?
yes. 
You really miss her don't you?
Oh God, I miss her. She made my world. She was my world.
What made you put the gun down, Mr Thompson? 
I don't really know. Maybe I thought I should be around for all my grandkids, but I just don't know anymore.
Mr Thompson, roughly when was this?
About 2 weeks ago.
Right around then, when things were really tough, how much time were you spending thinking about killing yourself, 70% of your waking hours, 80%, 90%? 
The truth is—I couldn't get it out of my mind.
I can understand.
Hello.
Hello, how may I help you?
My daughter has suddenly started skipping school and talking back to her teachers. She was always a good student.She won't talk to me or her friends. I don't know what to do.
Have you tried to talk to your daughter?
I tred, but she won't talk to me.
Your guess as to what might have happened. Is there anything you know of that may have caused her to react like this?
She is normally close to her grandparents.
grief can affect different people differently.
Thank you for your help.
I'm glad that you called. I hope your daughter will be better soon.
Hello Doctor. 	
Hello. Please sit down. 	
Thank you. Shall I just begin? 	
Please do. 	
My friend told me I should go see someone. It can't get worse if I see someone. 	
What can't get any worse? 	
I always blabber on when I am nervous.
It's alright. Please make yourself comfortable.
Thank you. Maybe next time I will bring you a flower. 	
That's very nice of you. But I would like to talk a little about why you came here.	
I am sorry. I keep meaning to but... 	
That's okay. Please go on.
When I see him around... 		
How do you feel when you see him around? 	
I try not to be in the same place at the same time, you know. And people help me. 	
How?
Did you like it? 	
A lot! 	
And? 	
I liked it in a good way, you know. 	
Well I think we have to stop for today. I'd like you to come back on Thursday? 	
This Thursday? 	
Yes. 	
I did not think I was that sick. 	
No, of course not. But you mentioned you have problems sleeping and concentrating. So the sooner we meet, the faster we will be able to address your problems. So, Thursday at 4 PM? 	
Okay. Thank you Doctor. 	
Welcome.		
I don't want to be here. 	
Do you want to talk about why you are here? 	
Doctor, you know why I'm here. It's not like I had much of a choice.	
I can see that you are not happy about it. 	
I'm not. I don't like being told what to do. I can always run off. 	
Do you really think you would be better off doing that? 	
Maybe. I don't know. It's just that I'm tired of all these people telling me what I got to do with my life and my time. I'm sick of it.
I would be upset about it, too. 	
Would you? Do you really understand? I don't think anybody really does, you know. Even my friends don't, I think. 
Okay, okay, I got it.	
That's a start. Thank you.	
So, how can you help me, Doctor?
I understand you don't want to be here. And I'm not a social worker. Mostly, I'm here to help you think through some issues in your life. 	
Uh huh, right. 	
I can help you, if you let me. Do you want to talk about your problem? 	
Why? You know what I did. 
Let's go back to the issue at hand. How long have you been involved in this? 	
Let's see. I'll guess around two years.
And do you consider yourself the winner in this case? After landing in juvenile hall? 	
Too much information, Doctor. I don't really give a shit what happened.
We aren't out of time just yet. Would you like to tell me about the tricks you use? 	
Doc? Are you some kind of pervert or something? Why do you care about that? 	
You brought it up. I thought perhaps we should talk about that. 	
Well, it was kind of funny.	
Did you do it? 	
Of course I did!
You said it was the first time you went there? 	
Yes. I've been back a few times.
Actually, we are just about out of time.. I'll see you next time, Alex. 	
Yeah, later man. 	 	
Please? 	
Okay. All right. Sorry, Doc. 	
Thank you. I'll see you soon. 	
Good morning.
Hello.
How are you?
I am fine. How are you?
I am fine too.
Please have a seat.
Thank you.
Now, what brings you into the office today? 	
Well, I am not sure really.I guess there have been some things on my mind lately. Maybe I shouldn't even be here.
It is ok to feel that way first time.
I'm so sorry.
I do understand.
Please, call me Avni.
Very well, Avni, if it makes you more comfortable.
This is my first time with a counselor.
If you have any questions feel free to ask them at anytime, okay?
Fine.Thank you.
Okay. Why don't we start by discussing what has been on your mind? 	
Well, I am very frustrated lately with my acting.
What is it about acting that intrigues you? 	
Well, I guess the style, the romance, the way anything could and did happen.
So tell me, what are you doing to pursue your dream of being an actress? 
I guess I haven't been doing everything I should. 
Why? 
My boyfriend is Jealous.
Jealous? How so? 
I think it's because I am very busy,
How is your relationship with him besides the acting? 
Well...good, I guess.but...he can be kind of demanding at times. 
I think it would help you to keep a journal. A place that you can fully express yourself, whenever you feel like it. How does that sound? 
That sounds helpful.
I am glad you like the thought.
Bye
Have a nice day.See you soon.
Good Morning
Good morning Ms. Evans. Please have a seat. 	
I'm so sorry I'm late. Everything seemed pitted against my getting here on time. Oh, God, twenty-five minutes late. I am sorry. 	
I do understand. I'm sure you will try to be on time in the future. 	
Yes, Doctor, I will. Thank you. Please, call me Cassie. Everyone does. 	
Very well, Cassie, if it makes you more comfortable. I see from your form that you have never been to a therapist before. If you have any questions feel free to ask them at anytime, okay? Now, what brings you into the office today? 	
Well, I am not sure really. I had heard that SII signed up a new doctor, and I guess there have been some things on my mind lately. Maybe I shouldn't even be here. 	
Okay. Why don't we start by discussing what has been on your mind? 	
Well, I am very frustrated lately. You see, I work as an executive assistant at SII, but it's really just a means to make money while I pursue my real goal--to be an actress. I have been taking classes since I was, like, 8 or 9 years old. Hollywood has always fascinated me. Can you imagine living in those times? The golden age of the cinema. Fred and Ginger waltzing across the big screen, Vivien Leigh and 'Gone With The Wind', Casablanca. 	
What is it about acting and those films that intrigue you? 	
Well, I guess the style, the romance, the way anything could and did happen. And dreams came true in this grand way. They were larger than life. 	
So tell me, what are you doing to pursue your dream of being an actress? 	
I guess I haven't been doing everything I should. I mean, I don't have an agent. I started going to these acting classes--actually, it's this acting improvisational troupe. I really like going there, but it's so hard on me. 	
Why? 	
Well to start off, my boyfriend is not very happy with me and the acting thing. He thinks it's ridiculous because it is so hard to make a living at it. And in the meantime, I could be building a "real" career. He wants to get more serious with me, but wants to make sure that I can be a productive bread winner. And I think he is jealous. 	
Jealous? How so? 	
Well, for one thing, I think it's because I am very busy, so we have less time together. Plus there are men in the group, and sometimes we have to do love scenes. I've told him its just acting, pretending, and its part of my "job." But he gets furious. He won't even discuss it anymore. 	
How is your relationship with him besides the acting? 	
Well...good, I guess. We met in college, and have been dating ever since then. I do really like him, maybe even love him, but...he can be kind of demanding at times. 	
How do you mean, demanding? 	
Well, we always do what he wants to do. Except romantically. 	
What happens romantically? 	
I don't know if I can discuss this. I mean, I am a little embarrassed and uncomfortable. 	
I understand. This is only our first session and it's normal to take some time to develop a level of trust between us. Hopefully we'll be able to explore troubling areas more deeply as time progresses. In the meantime, I think it would help you to keep a journal. A place that you can fully express yourself, whenever you feel like it. How does that sound? 	
I already keep a journal. It's something I learned to do in acting classes, explore the unconscious and stuff. 	
Good. I think this will help you with other aspects of life as well. 	
Do I have to bring it with me every week? 	
That is up to you. The journal is a tool to assist you in monitoring your feelings. What bothers you, what makes you happy, and so forth. Then, at a later time, you can go back and reflect on what transpired, or remind yourself how you handled a situation and how you can best handle it if the problem resurfaces. If you would like to bring it in to discuss or as a basis for discussion, then by all means, do so. I also like to read them because they give me some insight into who you are. But if you feel uncomfortable about my reading your journal, that's perfectly okay too. Even if the journal is just for you to read, I'm sure you'll find it valuable. 	
Okay. 	
Good. I'm afraid our session is a bit abbreviated this time. So I'll see you in a week. Let's see, that's July 30th at 1 o'clock. Okay? 	
Okay. Thank you Doctor. 
You are welcome
